Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/projects.rst

Projects
========
A project in Flyte is a grouping of :ref:`workflows <divedeep-workflows>` and :ref:`tasks <divedeep-tasks>` to achieve a particular goal. 

A Flyte project can map to an engineering project or everything that's owned by a team or an individual. There cannot be multiple projects with the same name in Flyte. 

> Since the fully-qualified name for tasks and workflows include the project name and domain name, the task/workflow names are only required to be unique within a project. The workflows in a project ``A`` can refer tasks and workflows from other projects using the fully-qualified name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the fully-qualified name for tasks and workflows include the project and domain name, the task/workflow names are only required to be unique within a project. The workflows in a project ``A`` can refer to tasks and workflows in other projects using the fully-qualified name.
```

> Flyte allows users to set resource limit for each project. Flyte also provides basic reports and dashboards automatically for each project. The information captured in these reports include workflow/task level insights, resource usage and billing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flyte allows users to set resource limits and provides basic reports and dashboards automatically for each project. The information captured in these reports includes workflow/task level insights, resource usage, and billing information.
```
